Privacy Policy

1. Scope of the Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to the information that the vendor obtains through
the use of the apps. By using the apps the user consents to the processing,
storage, disclosure and other uses.

2. Information available to the vendor

2.1. Atlassian Marketplace Information

We have access to contact information such as name, email address;
billing information such as company name, country, contacts; sales statistics
and other marketing-related information provided by Atlassian.

2.2. Content

We collect and store data that you submit to us, such as data in surveys,
activities, requests, communication with third party social media sites or any
other form of communication with us. For example, information regarding
a problem you are experiencing with the app could be submitted to our issue
tracker or sent via email or chat.

3. Information we collect from the usage of the app

We do not store or process any data the user generates from using one of our
server apps. The apps are completely server-side, so no data is stored outside
of the host server (e.g., Bitbucket Server, Confluence Server). We only store
information submitted by the user in case of any requests such as support or
feature requests where we require any console logs or other related information
for further investigations.

4. How the information is used by the vendor

The vendor uses the information that it collects for a variety of purposes:

* Provide, operate, maintain and improve the apps;
* Sending related information including release notes and feature newsletters;

5. Information Sharing and Disclosure

The vendor does not share or disclose any of the collected information or
content with third parties except as described in this policy.

The vendor does not sell any information or content.

6. Changes to our Privacy Policy 

This policy document may change. Any changes to our privacy policy in the
future will be posted to this page.

If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Policy, you will need to stop
the use of our server apps.

7. Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please
contact us. You find our contact information under Atlassian Marketplace
Vendor Page [1] page.

[1]: https://marketplace.atlassian.com/manage/vendors/1210923/details
